hello my name is Christine Pacheco as a
food expert in shop I get very excited
for the holiday season and it's fast
approaching what better way to kick off
this special time of year than to
celebrate with some peanut inspired
recipes that are tasty and healthy
dropping guests are the best especially
around the holiday season and it's nice
to have something on hand to serve with
a drink
these dressed up peanuts go perfectly
with beer or with cocktails to begin in
a medium bowl I'm gonna whisk one large
egg white just until it's frothy and to
this add a quarter of a cup of sugar
teaspoon of kosher salt a teaspoon of
dried thyme leaves and finally
three-quarters of a teaspoon of cayenne
pepper and the same of garlic powder
so just whisk this all together till
it's really nice and combined this is
going to be the spice mix on the peanuts
now we're gonna add 2 cups of unsalted
peanuts and you just want to stir these
until the peanuts are all nice and
evenly coated okay that looks good next
these peanuts are gonna go onto a baking
sheet lined with parchment paper and you
just want to spread them out here then
pop the peanuts into a 300 Fahrenheit
degree oven and they're gonna roast for
20 to 25 minutes and just give them a
stir every 10 minutes or so you want to
break the peanuts up and keep them from
sticking together you know they're done
when the peanuts are golden brown and
the mixture is barely sticking let these
cool completely and make sure to break
up any peanuts that make be stuck
together you can store the peanuts in an
airtight container for a couple of weeks
and you'll always have a welcome snack
on hand for dropping friends and family
thank you so much for watching I hope
these tasty peanut cocktail canapes make
your next holiday party a great success
and remember it's easy to incorporate
more peanut e goodness into your diet
just visit us online for yummy and
healthy recipe ideas
you